deployment/docker: disable provenance in buildx (#4911)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/CHANGELOG.md

* FEATURE: [vmui](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/#vmui): organize `min`, `max`, `median` values on the chart legend and tooltips for better visibility.
* FEATURE: dashboards: provide copies of Grafana dashboards alternated with VictoriaMetrics datasource at [dashboards/vm](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/tree/master/dashboards/vm).

> * BUGFIX: [build](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/): Disable provenance in buildx. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/4907).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* BUGFIX: [build](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/): fix Docker builds for old Docker releases. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/4907).
```
